well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so we are going to talk about the
president's
ever evolving view of melon voting
again this isn't an old video um
i know it seems like we just talked
about this like 36 hours ago
because we did in a video that i ended
by saying
he's going to flip flop on this again
and he did
that video went out august 4th when the
president was against
no he was
he was four then he was against it
before that after he was for it
but on august 4th he was four melon
voting
in florida and then on august 5th
he's against it in nevada
make sure we have that right florida
good democracy freedom
voting all that stuff nevada bad
fraud rigged election blah blah blah
it would just be peachy keen if the
president of the united states could put
out a list
with all the states on it and maybe put
a gold star
next to the states that he believes have
earned the right to vote
and like a red frowny face by those that
he thinks
shouldn't be able to vote that would be
wonderful
be even better if he could include like
a statement of reasons
as to why some states are more
susceptible to fraud
you know something in their process that
makes them
more susceptible to it it would be great
because if he did that
then we could compare it to the other
states and find the difference there's
not one
but we could pretend that he wasn't
doing
what he is in florida
there is a high probability that the
mail-in vote will go his way
in nevada it will go against him
so as the president
rails about rigged elections
and voter fraud he's filing suit
in nevada to attempt
to suppress the vote the president is
using
the weight of the oval office to
rig the election he's attempting to
allow his supporters
to vote and deny the right to vote
to his opposition
we've seen that playbook before
most times we don't care but if this was
like an oil-rich country somewhere
and this was going on we'd already be
talking about liberating it
i'm sure that there are a whole bunch of
people right now
on social media and they have like
american flag
profile pictures or copies of the
constitution or maybe like a screaming
bald eagle or whatever
and they're tweeting the president
telling him that he can't do this
because they're real patriots and they
love this country
they're raising their voice and
explaining that the very foundation of
this country
rests in free elections that's not
happening
that's not happening those would-be
patriots
are still waving their flags with their
rights
and they'll remain silent as they have
the last three and a half years
they will complete the transaction
and completely sell out their country
with this
if he succeeds in this if the president
can rig the election that's it
the united states is done the great
experiment is over
did not produce the results expected
um i'm going to end this video the same
way i ended the last one
his view on melon voting will change
he'll flip-flop on this again
just wait um it's going to happen the
second
there is a state that has a population
of probable melon voters that seem like
they're going to vote for him
at that point melon voting will be good
again
and then it'll be bad when it's a
population that's going against him
we've seen this before this is an
active attempt by the president of the
united states
to undermine the election to rig the
election
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day